<details>
<summary>

## V1
### Base version, simple operations

</summary>

## {{anon}}
1. {{as_an}} view all official Parts, that is I can search across the site or get data via open API
2. {{as_an}} view any detailed information of any official Part, that is I can either send a request via API or open information about Part on website
3. {{as_an}} search and filter official Parts
4. {{as_an}} view any official drone, that is I can view only drones, that are made of official Parts and were selected by administrators

----
## {{user}}
1. {{as_u}} do everything {{anon}} does 
2. {{as_u}} login, so that I can use all functionality of website
3. {{as_u}} logout
4. {{as_u}} register new account
5. {{as_u}} create any drone Part, that I can add to my own Drone
6. {{as_u}} not create Part, that is a copy of my own Part or official Part
7. {{as_u}} create Drone from either official, unofficial or my own Parts, that is I can name it and select any Parts
8. {{as_u}} view, search and filter Parts on a Drone creation page, that is I can easily find what I was looking for. Official Parts will be included first
9. {{as_u}} see warnings if Part is not official and/or not fully completed
10. {{as_u}} drag-and-drop Part when creating Drone, that is I can pick Part from a list and drop it onto build
11. {{as_u}} get a more detailed information about Part, when I hover over it on Drone creation page 
12. {{as_u}} update any of my drone Parts
13. {{as_u}} delete any of my drone Parts
14. {{as_u}} view any Part, so that I could filter official and unofficial and see warnings if viewed Part is not official
15. {{as_u}} view any Drone, so that I could filter official and unofficial and see warnings if viewed Drone is not official
16. {{as_u}} search for a Part, that is I can search something in a specific category (e.g. engine, batteries) by model and manufacturer
17. {{as_u}} filter Parts, that is I can filter Part in a specific category by manufacturer or Part-specific values
18. {{as_u}} search for a Drone, that is I can search something in a specific category (sport, photography) by name
19. {{as_u}} filter Parts, that is I can filter Drone in a specific category by Drones Part-specific values

---- 
## {{admin}}
1. {{as_ad}} do everything {{user}} does 
2. {{as_ad}} use Django admin website do manage database
3. {{as_ad}} update any Part, that is I can make Part public
4. {{as_ad}} delete any Part
5. {{as_ad}} update any Drone, that is I can make drone public
6. {{as_ad}} delete any Drone
7. {{as_ad}} update any {{user}}
8. {{as_ad}} delete any {{user}}

</details>